>> Kevin Powell: You'll
notice one thing here.
This is, when I open the menu, it's fine.
Look, I'm gonna click the button, but look
down here at the bottom of the page, and
we're getting some overflow
while it's sliding off the page,
which is kind of annoying.
This is a question that comes up a lot,
where, if you have something that's
overflowing in certain situations,
it can be kind of annoying.
And a lot of time you just do body and
HTML overflow hidden x, and
you hide the stuff going off the x-axis.
That doesn't happen often,
but you can actually run into weird
scroll ball issues with that.
I actually had a website at one point
that had double scroll bars and
I couldn't solve it, and
it was because of that.
And the first thing a lot of people try is
on their, we're gonna come all the way up.
I'm just gonna do this on my site header.
It doesn't really matter that
it's not in the media query.
What people try and
do here is the overflow x of hidden.
And I'm also gonna give that a position
of relative, just because right now,
the absolute position is
relative to the whole page, so
it's not actually inside the site header.
And now I get this.
Has anyone ever run into
something like this before?
Yeah.
This is one of the most
infuriating things in CSS,
where you're changing
the overflow in one direction.
But because of the way overflow hidden
works is it's creating a new scroll
environment, so it actually changes
the scroll behavior in both directions.
The default is visible when you do
an overflow x or an overflow y of hidden.
The other axis gets switched to auto and
auto adds scroll bars to something.
So in this doesn't work.
[LAUGH] it's just really annoying.
It just broke my whole thing.
Another thing,
this isn't a progressive enhancement.
The new thing that not enough people know
about is we have an overflow of clip
now as well.
The purpose of clip was to introduce non
scroll bar environments instead of the way
it worked.
And it works the way you would think.
The overflow hidden would work.
We're clipping the thing that's
overflowing so it's instead of hiding it,
we're clipping it.
It's like a clip path, and it just works.
And it actually has a really cool bonus
feature that doesn't really make sense in
what we're doing now, but
it also comes with a clip margin,
which I don't really know how to
show you how it works in this one.
But this means you can add or
let's do it in both directions overflow,
y of clip as well.
So this makes no sense here, but
since we're talking about it.
So I'm clipping it in both directions,
so it's hidden.
But if I do a clip margin of one rim,
overflow clip margin,
and you can actually like
overflow by a little bit.
So I'm clipping it, but
I'm giving that that extra space,
probably not something you're
going to need very often, but
I think it's a fun thing, so I just
wanted to slip it into the lesson here.
But in this case,
I would just leave it just like that.
And then we get this fun little
animation coming in and out like that.